c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\KisilikApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.Resources.AppResources.tr-TR.resources
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\KisilikApp.dll
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\KisilikApp.pdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\tr-TR\KisilikApp.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.g.resources
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\tr-TR\KisilikApp.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.dll
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.pdb
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\KisilikApp.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\KisilikApp.pdb
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\tr-TR\KisilikApp.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\Bin\Debug\KisilikApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.g.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.Resources.AppResources.tr-TR.resources
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\tr-TR\KisilikApp.resources.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.dll
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\KisilikApp.pdb
C:\Users\mustafa\Desktop\KisilikApp\KisilikApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
